# EIS_SUMER_PCH_Ti
---
A messy GitHub repository for my paper measuring ion temperatures at the polar coronal hole boundary region observed by Hinode/EIS and SOHO/SUMER. Some Jupyter notebooks use [my naive Python scripts](https://github.com/yjzhu-solar/MyPy).

Links to the Jupyter notebooks for each Figure:

[Figure 1](/ipynb/check_eit_img.ipynb): Positions of the EIS and SUMER slits overplotted on SOHO/EIT 195 context images.

[Figure 2](/ipynb/eis_recalibrate_comp.ipynb): EIS onboard radiometric calibration curves from [Del Zanna (2013)](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2013A%26A...555A..47D/abstract) and [Warren et al. (2014)](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2014ApJS..213...11W/abstract).

Figure 3: Compare AWSoM-R results with in-situ measurements at 1 au. Plots are generated by SWMF IDL routines compare\_insitu.pro

[Figure 4](/ipynb/sumer_fit/window_338_fit_poisson.ipynb): Single-Gaussian itting example of Na IX 681 observed by SOHO/SUMER. 

[Figure 5](/ipynb/eis_fit/eis_fit.ipynb): Double-Gaussian fitting example of blended lines at 192 angstrom. 

[Figure 6](/ipynb/sim_obs_comp/eis_awsom_comp.ipynb): Average effective velocity of Fe XII 192, 193, and 195 lines.

[Figure 7](/ipynb/paper/Te_Ne_diag.ipynb): Electron density and temperature diagnostics using various line ratios. 

[Figure 8](/ipynb/paper/temp_diag_v2.ipynb): Ion temperature diagnostics results using the EIS instrumental width from the EIS software.

[Figure 9](/ipynb/awsom_los/awsomr_100k_los.ipynb): Physical parameters in AWSoM simulation.

[Figure 10](/ipynb/spectrum_fit/DopplerVsNoDoppler.ipynb): Fitting synthetic Fe VIII and Fe XII with or without Doppler shifts.

[Figure 11](/ipynb/sim_obs_comp/sim_obs_linewidth.ipynb): Compare the observed line widths with synthetic line widths (EIS instrumental width from EIS software).

[Figure 12](/ipynb/paper/temp_diag_v2_cross.ipynb): Ion temperature diagnostics results using the EIS instrumental widths cross-calibrated with SUMER. 

[Figure 13](/ipynb/sim_obs_comp/sim_obs_linewidth.ipynb): Compare the observed line widths with synthetic line widths (EIS instrumental width cross-calibrated with SUMER).

[Figure 14](/ipynb/paper/temp_diag_pseudo.ipynb): Ion temperature diagnostics on AWSoM synthetic line widths.

[Figure 15](/ipynb/paper/non_gauss_profile.ipynb): Double-Gaussian fitting of the brightest SUMER lines.

[Figure 16](/ipynb/paper/non_gauss_profile.ipynb): Kappa fitting of the brightest SUMER lines.

[Figure 17](/ipynb/paper/temp_diag_v2_cross.ipynb): Ion temperature diagnostics results compared with [Dolla et al. (2008)](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2008A%26A...483..271D/abstract) and [Landi et al. (2009)](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2009ApJ...691..794L/abstract). EIS instrumental width cross-calibrated with SUMER.

[Figure 18](/ipynb/paper/eis_dlamb_inst_lamb.ipynb): EIS line width versus wavelength.

